feat: CoffeeAGNTCY initial docs (#176)
agntcy/docs: docs/coffee-agntcy/slim-coffee-agntcy.md

#SLIM in CoffeeAGNTCY

> ## SLIM in CoffeeAGNTCY  

Reviewer: I think this header is unnecessary, without it we could move each header under it up one.

> CoffeeAGNTCY uses **SLIM** (Secure Low-Latency Interactive Messaging) as its default transport layer for all inter-agent communication. SLIM supports both **unicast** (1-to-1) and **broadcast** (1-to-many) messaging patterns, making it well-suited for CoffeeAGNTCY’s dynamic multi-agent workflows.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoffeeAGNTCY uses [SLIM](../messaging/slim-core.md) as its default transport layer for all inter-agent communication. SLIM supports both **unicast** (1-to-1) and **broadcast** (1-to-many) messaging patterns, making it well-suited for CoffeeAGNTCY’s dynamic multi-agent workflows.  
```

The **AGNTCY App SDK** abstracts the underlying SLIM protocol behind a unified factory API. This allows developers to instantiate SLIM-based A2A (agent-to-agent) clients and servers without dealing directly with low-level transport details. Learn more about the App SDK [here](https://github.com/agntcy/app-sdk).

### Instantiating the Factory and SLIM Transport  

```python
factory = AgntcyFactory("name_of_agent", enable_tracing=True)
transport = factory.create_transport("SLIM", endpoint=SLIM_ENDPOINT)
```

Here:  
- `AgntcyFactory` initializes the factory for the agent.  
- `create_transport("SLIM", ...)` provisions a SLIM transport instance connected to the configured endpoint.  

### Sending Messages  

SLIM accommodates both targeted and broadcast messaging within the same API:  

> #### 1-to-1 Message  

Reviewer: These could be made into a bullet list instead of headers.
